Percentile metric docs (#530)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/data-management/metrics/percentile-metric.md

2. Measuring **impact on one particular part of the distribution, often the “typical” (median) user**. Engagement metrics such as *Number of items viewed* are often highly skewed. Lifts in the average number of items viewed will be heavily driven by power users who already view many items. Increasing views even further for these atypical users may not be very valuable. The goal instead is to get typical users to view more items. This can be measured by using p50 (aka the median) of the metric. In some cases, the median is desired because it has lower variance than the mean, especially with heavy-tailed metrics.

## Creating a percentile metric

Creating a percentile metric in Eppo consists of the following steps:
1. Navigate to the **Metrics** page, click **+ Create** and select **Metric**
2. Select `Percentile` as the metric type
2. Select the fact you wish to analyze
3. Specify the percentile threshold you wish to measure

![Creating a percentile metric](/img/data-management/metrics/percentile-metric.png)

## Percentile calculation and statistics

> Percentile metrics are calculated over the raw observations directly. In a page load time example, each fact records one page load time, and for each user many page load times are typically observed. The percentile is defined over all page load observations, pooled across all users. The clustering structure (which page load belongs to which user) does not matter for calculating the percentile, but is used to get the statistics right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percentile metrics are calculated over the raw observations directly. In a page load time example, each fact records one page load time, and for each user many page load times are typically observed. The percentile is defined over all page load observations, pooled across all users. The clustering structure (which page load belongs to which user) does not matter for calculating the point estimate, but is used to get the confidence intervals right.
```

> Percentile metrics are calculated over the raw observations directly. In a page load time example, each fact records one page load time, and for each user many page load times are typically observed. The percentile is defined over all page load observations, pooled across all users. The clustering structure (which page load belongs to which user) does not matter for calculating the percentile, but is used to get the statistics right.

Reviewer 2: 👍
